The ATP library is a toolkit for processing the antenna telemetry data
from log files of the antenna control software package known as VLBI
Field System (https://github.com/nvi-inc/fs). The following parameters
are extracted and processed:

  -- system temperature (Tsys);
  -- amplitude and phase of the phase calibration system (PCal);
  -- system equivalent flux density (SEFD);
  -- difference between GPS and formatted time.

  This library processes the telemetry, in a standardized format called
anc format. Therefore, it is expected that the original log file
generated by the, so called, VLBI Field System be reformatted to anc
format using the utility log2ant. Log2ant is distributed with the
software package nuSolve (https://sourceforge.net/projects/nusolve/). ATP
digests the antenna telemetry data in the anc format, cleans the data for
outliers, resolve phase ambiguites (in the case of PCal data), and
computes time avarages and their standard deviations. The output of this
is written to a reduced data file also in anc format.For visualisations
one can view any of the telemetry data as functions of any variable they
are given in, e.g., Tsys is given as a funtion of frequency, time,
elevation, and azimuth, ergo it can be plotted in any of those modes or a
combination of.


  It is noted that, for file management purposes, this toolkit considered
two kinds of observation sessions for the antenna: i) VLBI; and
ii) Single Dish Experiments (SDE). So, for using the visualisation
routines, one has to know the kind of log file they are processing before
hand. VLBI experiments typically involve atleast two radio telescopes
simultaneously observing the same source, examples of their log files can
be downloaded from https://cddis.nasa.gov/archive/vlbi/ivsdata/aux. SDE's
on the other hand only involve one radio dish, and can be run either with
the radio antenna in, so called, stow mode, during which it does not move
or can be run with the antenna slewing between scans.

